INA-7891: Revisions to Incident Management Slack integration documentation (#31946)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/service_management/incident_management/integrations/slack/_index.md

With the integration, you can:

- Respond faster by declaring Datadog incidents directly from Slack.
- Automatically create Slack channels for collaboration when Datadog incidents are declared.

> - Execute your incident response in Slack—page on-call teams, assign responder roles, update severity, and more.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Execute your incident response in Slack. For example, page on-call teams, assign responder roles, or update severity.
```

The Slack integration documentation is organized around the typical lifecycle of using Slack with Incident Management:

1. [**Install and connect Slack**](#setup): Set up the integration between your Slack workspace and Datadog.
2. [**Declare incidents**](#declaring-incidents-from-slack): Learn how to start incidents using Slack commands or message actions.
3. [**Manage incidents from incident channels**](#incident-channels): Use dedicated Slack channels with commands, syncing, and automations.
4. [**Configure global notifications**](#global-slack-notifications): Keep your organization informed with automatic updates.

> 6. **[Reference Slack configuration options](#additional-slack-configurations) and [Slack commands](#slack-incident-commands)**: Explore detailed configuration options and see the full list of available Slack commands to tailor and streamline your incident response workflows.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. **[Reference Slack configuration options](#additional-slack-configurations) and [Slack commands](#slack-incident-commands)**: Explore detailed configuration options and see the full list of available Slack commands to tailor and streamline your incident response workflows.
```

## Prerequisites

Install the integration through the [Slack Integration tile][1] with the proper [OAuth scopes][6]. For more information, see the [Slack integration][2] documentation.

> After the integration is installed, navigate to **[Service Management > Incidents > Settings > Integrations][3]** to enable Slack capabilities for Incident Management.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
After the integration is installed, navigate to [**Service Management** > **Incidents** > **Settings** > **Integrations**][3]** to enable Slack capabilities for Incident Management.
```

* `{{random_adjective}}`: Random adjective
* `{{random_noun}}`: Random noun

### Message syncing (Slack mirroring)

After enabling automatic channel creation, you can configure Incident Management to sync messages between an incident Slack channel and the incident's timeline in Datadog.

> To enable syncing, enable "Push Slack channel messages to the incident timeline" in Incident Management settings, and then select one of the following options:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To enable syncing, enable **Push Slack channel messages to the incident timeline** in Incident Management settings, and then select one of the following options:
```

* **Mirror all messages in real-time**: Datadog syncs all messages posted by Slack users to the incident channel.
* **Push message when 📌 is added as a reaction**: Datadog syncs messages only when Slack users react to them with pushpins (📌).

For both options, a message's author does not need to be connected to the Datadog organization for Datadog to sync the message. For message pinning, the pinner **does** need to be connected to the Datadog organization for the message pinned to sync.

In organizations with usage-based Incident Management billing:

* Authoring a message that is synced to Datadog does **not** make you a billable user for the current month.
* Pinning a message that is then synced **does** make you a billable user.

In organizations with seat-based Incident Management billing:

* You do **not** need a seat for Datadog to sync your messages to Incident Management.
* When you pin a message, you **must** have a seat for Datadog to sync the message you pinned.

### Slack commands in the incident channel

In an incident Slack channel, you can run Slack commands to modify the incident's states and severity, assign responder roles, page on-call teams, and more.

> For a full list of Slack commands, see the [Slack commands](#slack-commands) section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For a full list of Slack commands, see [Slack commands](#slack-commands).
```

### Other incident channel configuration options

Access all configuration options for Slack in Incident Management through the [**Incidents** > **Settings** > **Integrations**][3] page.

| Feature                                                   | Description & Notes                                                                                                                             |
|-----------------------------------------------------------|-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | **Push incident timeline messages to Slack**              | Automatically send incident timeline updates from Datadog to the Slack channel.<br><br>Keeps channel participants in sync with Datadog updates. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Push incident timeline messages to Slack**              | Automatically send incident timeline updates from Datadog to the Slack channel.<br><br>Keeps channel participants in-sync with Datadog updates. |
```

> | **Add important links to channel bookmarks**              | Post incident-related links in the Slack channel bookmarks.<br><br>Provides quick access to resources.                                          |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Add important links to channel bookmarks**              | Post incident-related links in the Slack channel bookmarks.<br><br>Provides access to resources.                                          |
```

Reviewer: Totally hear you. I like 'convenient' but I'll let you use 'quick' if you strongly vouch for that!

| **Add team members automatically**                        | When a Datadog team is added to the incident, its members are added to the Slack channel.                                                       |
| **Send incident updates to the Slack channel**            | Update the channel topic with incident state, severity, and incident commander.                                                                 |

> | **Send a Slack notification when a meeting starts**       | Notify the Slack channel when a meeting is started, with participants and a join link.<br><br>Enables quick access to incident calls.           |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Send a Slack notification when a meeting starts**       | Notify the Slack channel when a meeting is started, with participants and a join link.<br><br>Enables access to incident calls.           |
```

Author: Updated to convenient d5fd5af7d68

| **Activate Bits AI in incident Slack channels**           | Enable AI features that use incident context from Datadog.<br><br>Applies to all incident types in the selected Slack workspace.                |
| **Automatically archive Slack channels after resolution** | Archive incident Slack channels once the incident is resolved.<br><br>Helps reduce channel clutter.                                             |

## Global channel for incident updates

You can configure Incident Management to automatically post updates about incidents to a selected Slack channel. To enable this:

> 1. In Datadog, navigate to the [**Incidents** > **Settings** > **Integrations**][3] page.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. In Datadog, navigate to [**Incidents** > **Settings** > **Integrations**][3].
```
